Punish my daughter severely
Don't you dare
Su Yang, how amazing are you?
Even the principal dares to be in danger
You are the big man
Why punish me?
Obviously they bullied people first
It shows that you dare to talk back
Little fish
Didn't mom teach you that before?
If you are wrong, admit it.
How did you become like this now?
You are not my mother
You dead child oops
Husband hit me
Song Yang doesn't want to live anymore, does he?
Hello, Song Yang
I thought you were some kind of gentleman
You hit a woman
It's Mr. Lin
Men who beat women are trash
He must be exposed
Let him shoot
In view of Song Yu's initiative to adjust the air
The incident caused a serious fight at the school
And refuse to repent
Very bad attitude
The principal has now decided to expel Song Yu from school
And report to the prestigious school alliance
All schools in the league will never admit Song Yu
Ah, Mr. Song
It's just a punishment within the school
I won't be worried about affecting the school's reputation
And cover it up
I will post this on the school's official website
Let the whole society come together to supervise
It's black and white
As a responsible educator
I have an obligation to those
Students who were victims of school bullying
Justice